>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I believe
everybody has went through this,
but this is how this works.
We're installing cli,
we do a new project, and we run it.
So far, so good I think, but then,
if we want to generate a component
you can use ng g or generate.
Told that you want to generate
the component and give it a name.
You can also use paths, so
if you need to do like relative to, so
if you do it from the root is
going to put it in resource.app.
It is a very specific place that it goes,
but as an additional parameter you can
kind of tell it where to go
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
generating the service.
Does the pattern make sense?
ng g service.
My new service, and
if we wanna generate a build, ng build.
Test, you wanna do end n test.
We wanna lint.
I haven't done this, but
I believe I'll take their word for it,
if you wanna deploy, and
here we are, at a challenge.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, let me actually,
I'm gonna do a quick demonstration.
Scaffolding out the service.
There's a little gotcha there.
I'm gonna see if I can protect you guys
from,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right,
so I'm in the root.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's go ng g
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Component
let's think of something, I don't know.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll go students.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right so
you noticed that by
default source app students, and then
it kind of just put everything in here.
So convenient, but
also if I go down to if I'm not
mistaken, yes it also added it to
the app module, so pretty handy.
So it imported it, and
it added it in as declarations.
Now if we wanted to do a service I
found the way to do that is to go into
the actual directory you wanna generate it
or just dump it like right into the root.
So in this case,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Shared ng g service,
let's go like this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So it's generated,
but we haven't actually hooked it up.
There we go, so you can see,
so that's the caveat,
that you have to go into the folder
when you're generating a service.
And then what we have to do is,
we'll do a couple things.
So what we have here is an index.ts file,
and so this is essentially a bucket that
you can export other things, so
that you can import them all in one place.
So if I go here,
I'll show the alternates here.
So we'll go widgets.service, or not,
sorry, I guess we're on students.service.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And so
we're using this essentially as a,
this is what you call a barrel roll.
So we're basically rolling these up, and
then from here,
I can do one of two things.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Because
invariably this is going to come up.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I can
import this directly.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Like so.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Or
what I can do is because by default,
because this is a note convention.
When you go to a folder it will look for
the index.ts,
and anything that's been exported
in the index.ts is now available.
So now we can go, Student service.
Then we'll just go down
here in our providers like so.
So now we're just gently kind
of acquainting ourselves
with kind of the shapes of
an Angular 2 application.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay, and so
just to reiterate, I generated,
hold on real quick let me
just clean some of this out.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I generated
a student's component right here,
which automatically got
added to the module.
Then I generated a StudentsService
which I then added to
the index.ts file in the shared directory.
So what this does is now you can just
import everything, from one place.
And then within the app module TS here you
can see that I was able to
import all of these, and
share cuz it's actually doing ./shared,
and it's looking for index.ts.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Not a question,
just a comment.
It's hard to tell what files
you're jumping between.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Okay-
>> Speaker 2: I think it's kind of
hard to read the file name.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yeah, I'll try
to verbalize, sorry about that, so
if I'm jumping to a file, I will say,
I'm now jumping to this file,
and we can go from there.